# Agile Scrum Study

### How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating "user stories" help with this?
I listen to exactly what the client wants and needs and then determine the important pieces within that dialogue. Once I have a good understanding of what they are asking I then
determine vitally important questions to clarify any concerns or mystery points about their product. Then I decrypt the English business explanation into a technical equivalent. Once there is a strong technical equivalent that makes sense, I can then go about creating a user story to help create a solid understanding of what is being asked about that feature. User stories
help with this tremendously because it allows a developer to understand and visualize how the feature should work and feel while also outlining a solid start and finish of the feature. After there are some solid user stories for the features the client wants then we go through creating test cases for each of those user stories so that the developers have an even better understanding.
of what the features pass/fail requirements are. The developer then goes about creating that feature and tests it against the test case to see if it passes or fails and the process starts all over again for each user story until we have a completed product/project.
### How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I approach developing programs in a calm and meticulous manner. First, I try to understand what the problem is then after understanding the problem I think about possible solutions to that problem. I analyze first then start designing after and then I go through a constant cycle of figuring out further problems and how they are linked to other aspects within a project and determine if other systems need to be though over again whether that is making additions or removing portions. I think the two things that I believe to be the most important that I'd like to incorporate into my future development work would be collaborative and strong communication with my team along with affinity grouping problems both in my life and development. I think that clear communication is vitally important in daily life and think it’s even more important when working within a team so that we may together create the best possibly product we can. I specifically took a liking to Affinity Grouping during my study of the Agile methodology mostly because it just seemed to click with me and make the most sense regarding gauging the size of a problem/feature and importance in correlation to other related problems/features.
### What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
To me being a good team member has to do with being independent, collaborative, trustworthy, and responsible. By being independent you can show that you know what you are doing and don't need constant eyes on you to produce quality good work while also needing little guidance to get the product asked of you. By being collaborative you can show that you can work well with others while also being positive and participating in understanding the project while simultaneously
giving out knowledge of the project others might not have seen without your perspective in addition to asking insightful and helpful questions about the project. Trustworthy meaning that others can put their trust in you to get the work done you have said you can get done while also recognizing that you are human and do make mistakes but instead of trying to cover them up you reach out and get help when you need it too. By being responsible you can show that you can own up to your mistakes and show that you are able to
learn from them rather than hinder you or your work.
